Ah guys
Please be kind to us.
Leave my son alone
This is the only seedling in our Lin family.
No nonsense
5 million one more day, I want his finger
No, no.
Meng Meng, say something
Just 5 million
A little leak from your fingernails is enough
You return the money to us.
You'll pay it back soon
Brother, give me a little more time and I'll go find my dad.
My dad has money and I will definitely return it to you
What else do you want to drag?
Oh, I'm stupid.
So be it bro
We want a finger from him today
Don't pay it back tomorrow
Let's break his phone, how about Xiaojin, big brother?
Oh, big brother, we will definitely pay back the money.
I beg you.
Too eager to haggle
Then let's make his whole hand?
Help! Stop
Boy, you are very lucky
This beautiful woman, you want this kid too
Which company do you belong to? Now it is a society ruled by law.
If you want an account, you want an account
Don't be rough hahaha
Don't be scared to say it
We are the famous Aowei Financial
It's the famous black and white take-all
A vicious lending company
How about it, girl, you want to borrow some too
It seems that if I can't pay today
Can't be kind
Prince Sun Ning of England is not allowed
But Zhiran is innocent
We have known each other for three years after all
Never let him have an accident in front of my eyes
If you can't help, shut up
Me.
What do you do?
Buy me two finance within ten minutes
Haha, when are you still talking big here?
I, you just want to kill our Lin family